is titled the dangerous consequence of sexual immorality.
Quickly go to 1st Corinthians chapter 6, verse 18.
1st Corinthians chapter 6 verse 18.
Free for negation.
Not throw out.
Run.
from financial aid.
Every sin that a man doeth is without the body, but he that committed financial aid against his own body.
This own body, all that sin is just my love, but the one you do with your body, because your body is the temple of the most time.
The one you do with your body is terrible.
The consequences are very, very, very, very disastrous.
Shout out to you.
There are two major problems, the enemy.
The devil used this to destroy people with great style.
Two major weapons.
Number one, money.
Money.
Number two, sex.
It's the devil tries to trap you with money.
He couldn't get you.
He said, no, I don't have longer truth.
You call yourself, you resist the temptation of money.
You say, no.
My name is more important.
The heaven is more important to me than this money.
These are materialities.
Then the devil will come, sex.
If you are able to overcome these truths, all that is, nah, grandma,
But today we are not basing on the money issue, we are basing on the insexual immorality.
Now, why we talk about sexual immorality?
There are two types of sexual immorality.
There are two different consequences.
That is what we call slow poisoning.
That is one they call quick poisoning.
Something you may do now.
Essentially, my lady may do now.
You may not see the consequence now.
It might take one month.
It might take two months.
It might take 10 years.
There is some, you see the consequence immediately.
Shout Alleluia.
So it is dangerous.
You don't need to have anything to do with sexual immorality because it has rendered great men.
It has brought them down to the beach.
Shout Alleluia.
Sex is more than physical.
You know, it is more of spiritual.
It's not just, you know, it's like you slip with each other.
It just, if it's, no, it is more, more than physical, you know, it is more of spiritual, because that is a spiritual transmission.
Since I've been transferred, it's a spiritual bond, amen?
says it's an avenue of transferring blessing.
Joy, happiness.
Also, when it is done, they are there with the right partner, with your wife, with your husband.
It will bring joy, happiness, open doors, favor.
Sex also can
bring sorrow, yes, regrets, emotional trauma, even on time like that, if it is done with the wrong person, that is not married to you.
So, it is more in a two-way thing.
It can bring happiness, it can bring joy, it can bring painful, it can bring open doors, it can bring happiness.
It can also bring the emotion.
It can bring this grace.
It can bring shame.
It can bring emotional trauma.
It can even bring on family death.
Shout, Alleluia.
Once you have a special destiny from body, you automatically become a madman.
I come again.
Once you have a special destiny from God, once God has put something in you, it might be wealth, it might be success, it might be something God has put to you that you have to change billions of life.
You will become a mad man.
That's what they call in football, close mocking.
They will give you close mocking.
The devil says, see this man?
He's good to wipe away so many people's tears, so give him close market.
Don't begin to give you close market because you are a special person.
Especially if you have something good that's deposited in you.
But if there's no deposit in you, no close market.
There are many people here listening to me
that's good, that's put something special inside.
And that is why the devil is giving you this close market.
That is why the devil is pushing you.
Anyway, you're going.
But don't worry.
After today's difference, this shall be disgrace.
I'm not here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here.
The funny thing that so many people that have great destiny don't even know
that they have great destiny.
They don't know.
Because what the devil knows, those in the dark can clearly see those in the light.
But those in the light cannot easily see those in the dark.
So when they die, they see, oh, this is a light, this is a star.
Bam, you become a tucket.
So there are many people here.
You don't even know who you are.
I remember when I was in Lagos, when I was cleaning toilet, and I don't even know who I am, I know how to gift.
When I slept on the bridge, there are many people here, there is something inside that is what is frightening the devil.
But don't worry, they will all be put to shame.
I'm not here, I am, I am.
I'm not here, amen.
Once you join yourself with somebody in sex, both of you become one flesh.
Because during sex, blood is transferred.
Blood is transferred to this person.
And that's why I answer those who give off the room to measure the comfort of this divorce.
because we need to deal with this once and for all.
Shout out to Leah.
And once you sleep with so many people, it means you have, because each time you sleep with somebody, a part of you goes into that person and you also receive a part of that person.
Now when you sleep with 10 people, a part of you is distributed to 10 people.
You become distributed.
of Coca-Cola.
South, South.
Shout Alleluia.
Let me tell you, most dangerous women, evil, dangerous women, carry their power in their organ.
What I mean?
High level of witchcraft, women, very strong.
Their power is in the organ.
And most people, gyarose men, occult men, their power is in the organ.
And now, when you eat no saintly, go and sleep with such people.
You are coached.
That is why I was, say, my people perish for lack of knowledge.
If you have a brother,
You've got to give your wife, you are driving.
And you see the lady standing on the road.
And you start looking.
You don't know the power.
And they say, come, let me get you.
And you look at your wife driving.
Then you look at it.
Look at your wife.
I don't even say today's deliverance, it's a special one.
It's a different one.
Shout out to Eloya.
The stars of many great men and women have been destroyed because of sexual immorality.
Many great men.
Look at something.
Depressed if it hasn't come.
Doesn't mean there's more
Lady in the whole of our side, in the world of Israel.
They say he went to the cup of his enemy and slept with the halot.
That was the beginning of his problem.
Many great men.
It has brought so many great men down.
Sexual,
immemoriality.
There is this girl that became born again.
And she was confessing, you know, given her life to Christ, that she was sent on the mission to sleep with several hundred men with stars.
That is a mission.
the center from the water to this edge.
You sleep with 700 great men with style.
Look for them, entice them, sleep with them, then take away their style.
Look for them, once you see them, sleep with them, as you sleep with them, you take away their style.
And before she became born again, she has succeeded in sleeping with 650 men.
Anyone that have entered into the trap of certain detail, you shall be delivered.
I'm not here, are you?
Amen.
The devil uses the instrument of sex to catch someone with a bright star in order to destroy that star.
The devil uses sex to bring down powerful men.
Whether that would have come to powerful, especially
Some men of God have come so powerful, he sends his agents to go and drag them down.
Once they drag them down, they are finished.
The devil uses sex to distract many people from their vision.
The devil uses sex to make many people to attract the anger of God, because
When you do it, you attract the anger of God upon your business, upon your destiny, upon your career, upon your ministry.
So when, because the devil is very, very smart, very, very smart, he tried to fire, fire, fire, arrow, fire, arrow, he can't get you, he threw stone, he doesn't pick, he carried broom, throw you, he doesn't get you, he carried concrete, throw, he doesn't get you, it's okay.
The only way is to make this person offend God.
When God becomes angry with this person, then I can't strike this person.
Then from there, he will introduce sexual immorality.
I won the present for that, because I see God, I told you, I told you, allow me now to deal with him.
God's hands is tied.
Then the devil will hold that person, man.
Put on put the head for the elbow.
Shout out, all right?
Once you are careless in this area, you are finished.
In the Bible, every case of sexual immorality
Have previous consequences.
Example.
Look at Ruben.
Just because he slept with his father's wife.
He lost the headship of the family.
See?
Thou shall not excel.
Ruben, come on, first bone.
The beginning of the mat, the excellence of dignity, all stable as water, but thou shall not excel.
Why, becomes sexual immorality?
God does not deal with it with King's glove, no?
Look at the case of Eli's children.
Eli is pissed.
just because the children were sleeping with women that come to pray in the temple, God wiped off the whole generation, and removed the priesthood from them and took it to somewhere.
Oh, I profess I.
Any good thing your family have lost, because of sexual immorality,
I command those good things to bear and stop back in the name of Jesus.
I command the name of the name of Jesus.
Stand up and pray, ladies.
Buy the power in the blood of Jesus Christ.
I refuse to suffer for the sins of my parents.
In the name of Jesus, be careful.
Why must
We run away from sexual immorality.
Why?
Number one.
Sexual immorality defiles your body and damages your destiny.
Stand up and pray, ladies.
Every damage.
See, as the message is going on, deliverance is going on.
So, number one, why most children, they will process all the morality.
Number one, it defiles your body and damages your destiny.
Number two, sexual immorality.
Grease God's hat.
God becomes unhappy with you.
Anytime you commit sexual immorality, it gives the up of God.
God becomes very, very sad.
Stand up, and pray like this.
Why Mozart run away from sexual immorality?
Sexual immorality invites generational costs.
But children are born moving into suffites because of the sexual immorality.
What does sexual immorality cause?
Sexual immorality, we give evil powers like a ground to attack your fitness, to attack your health, to attack your business.
Sexual immorality gives
The devil legard ground gives certain the devil license to attack your business, to attack your marriage, to attack your health, to attack your home.
Realize sexual immorality can cause negative everlasting memories.
Have the last 10 memories.
Any time you remember it, you said yes.
You regret.
Sexual immorality can produce a loved and unwanted children.
Unloved and unwanted children.
Sexual immorality can expose you to sexually transmitted disease.
The worst on women.
What I mean on women, because when a woman contacts disease, she won't even know.
So that's because they're 10 years.
But then it has done so much damage.
That is why you have to avoid it.
It is very, very dangerous.
Don't play with the fire.
Shout Al-Eluia.
Shout Al-Eluia can destroy
marriage and families.
It can destroy marriages and families.
If there is a particular sister for 30, three years now, she and my younger sister, they are not in talking terms.
This is a bloodo, because when the elder sister married,
You know, when they were young, it brought out a common assist.
And the husband manipulated this more innocent game and slept.
And the woman, fortunately or fortunately, don't know the size to put it, came in black and caught them on the ass.
That was it.
The system now is that the youngest is married with children now.
But they don't talk for that five years.
That is three years.
Just because of that issue.
It can destroy whom?
It can destroy relationship.
It can destroy marriages.
That's right in morality.
You can invite unexpected emotional.
Emotional, you never expected suddenly.
BRAH!
You cash.
Because you break the hitch and the amour bites.
It is only when the hitch is broken that the sumpet will... Now, how can I escape?
for sexual immorality.
Number one, practice self-discipline.
Discipline.
Stand there, no talking, no.
Be disciplined.
Hold yourself.
You don't, you don't snooze like that.
No, be very disciplined.
Let your yes, yes, yes.
When your boss is trying to override it, he excuses me.
Hey, limits.
Sorry.
CDC doesn't miss.
No, no, no, no.
What were you saying?
No, no, you're saying yes now.
Hey!
Please.
Don't try it again.
I'll just pretend as if that didn't happen.
Please don't ever try it again.
Shout out to Elia.
How to escape sexual immorates.
Number two, do not get too attached to any man or woman that you are not married to.
Too attached to the opposite sex.
You are too attached every time they see.
And we are just casual friends.
Every time, two of them I did together.
Before you need, alarm go blue.
Don't be too attached.
I just friends, I just friends.
Open this sex.
Your friends, you go eat, come and bath together.
Shout out to you, Leo.
How to escape for sexual immorality?
Number one.
Three.
Don't play with the opposite sex as a habit.
You might spark fire.
Hello.
You got play, you got level of play.
I can't wait to play suddenly.
Make a just-and-go vest.
You restrict the player, man.
How's my wife come to the play?
If make a just-and-face, when I do that in the street.
But you're not married, and you play a play.
What kind of place is that?
If you are a wife, you are trying to spark something where you know if you hold.
Don't worry.
You get it?
In younger, they sleep.
Try to become welcome.
When the trouble goes, you must be ready to cool it down.
How can I escape from sexual immorality?
Number what?
Five.
Run away.
You know what I mean?
Run.
Not strong.
Run away.
And stop chatting with
that unravels you sexually.
If you know any time you are close to this person, your body will be needing to do you.
Polina, Polina.
Avoid that person.
It doesn't take good a year to change your life.
It takes good a second to change your life.
I don't care how people are looking at you now.
I don't care how they shame you, I be facing.
If I be a man of God, your situation must change.
Yes, it was a moustache.